Returns a 0-based depth within the object graph of the current object being serialized.
Checks whether the scheme alters the training dataset during training. If the scheme needs to modify the training data it should take a copy of the training data. Currently checks for changes to header structure, number of instances, order of instances, instance weights.
Compute the union size of two Bitsets.
Test 2 keys with candidates in reverse order.
Exit with a closing user.
Returns a textual description of this instance
Returns a new sector whose angles are the extremum of this sector and another.
Determines whether a double
Integer value of a positive BigDecimal
Main recursive method to examine the directory hierarchy.
Get a sorted array containing all column values for a given tuple iterator and field.
Divide with invalid rounding mode
Responds to a bean instance.
Callback used by the framework
Check if this type is a String.
policy to update a source entry.
Validates the SQL statement.
Converts to object array.
checks if the client is in the run.
Check if the player can be retrieved from the given player.
Creates a new daemon matcher.
Determines the maximum level for the given node, starting at the given level, and returns the maximum number of edges for the combined node. If the actual edge is greater than the given level, then this edge is returned.
Ask to the user for retouring the current pass code.
Rolls back the worker thread creation. - removes worker from workers, if present - decrements worker count - rechecks for termination, in case the existence of this worker was holding up termination
InsertFunctionalityTest#testInsert4(). Tests INSERT ... SELECT with expressions in SELECT query
Adds a local entry to this map
Receive notification of the end of an element.
Send a FATAL ERROR log message
Delete related node with the given name
Returns a string representation of the array.
Checks the given char array.
Build the final bitmap-applied
Unregisters a previously registered VM shutdown hook.
Start the read, overwriting it if necessary.
Bounds the current scroll if necessary, but does not synchronize the stack view with the model.
Performs all evaluation of the evaluation
Waits until the selected volumes are visible.
Adds a service to the cache which is allowed to be cache.
Updates the view state under the current cache.
Paints the image on the window.
Returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the named event
It checks if the name is reserved.
Release any connection in the given connection.
Adds a actions to the QuickActionView
Adds a simple renderer to the multiple renderer.
Copies stream, fires progress events by listener, can be interrupted by listener.
calculates the needed angle for a given value
Returns a buffer to the pool, throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size.
Creates a new instance.
Creates a new CharSeq with the elements of this CharSeq.
Handles the HTTP GET request to the specified video.
Notify this state, that it has changed
test for getOrder() method
Formats and logs a message with a Throwable.
Constructs the redis key used to retrieve the queue keys for a given queue.
Decodes characters in the given charset using the specified charset. Escaped characters are converted back to their original representation.
Adds a new domain name to the set of restricted domain names.
Create a new pool object
Tests fail: always returns false, failing statements commented out. Feature only partially implemented. Feature only partially implemented.
Compute the corresponding interface hash of a MD5 method.
Copy the contents of the given byte array to the given OutputStream. Leaves the stream open when done.
Does this item have any items loaded yet?
Draw native frame size
Encode parts of the message using Text Compaction as described in ISO/IEC 15438:2001(E), chapter 4.4.2.
Check to see if a string is a valid NCName according to [4] from the XML Namespaces 1.0 Recommendation
Appends the specified element to the end of this list.
prepare the dataset required for running test cases
Build the list of proxy IDs that must contain all proxy members.
Check a value given a value.
Recovers the primary-free ports from the manager.
Creates a new journal that omits redundant information. This replaces the current journal if it exists.
Removes the recurrence from persistant store.
Copy NodeList members into this nodelist, adding in document order. If a node is null, don't add it.
Should need to be called if there is more records from a DB.
Create a new case-sensitive comparison.
Services a Commandline Request.
Converts to a byte array
Checks if there is a single space constant
Set the next bpeg of vpeg.
Computes the export mask for export masks.
Inserts elements into an ordered list.
Write a fixed component to the printout. <P> This was not in the original class, but was added recursively.
Put the source tree root node in the document cache. TODO: This function needs to be a LOT more sophisticated.
Used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main Whitebox user interface.
copy a input stream to a input resource
Starts a audio request
Draw out the provided canvas.
Loads properties from a class.
Add a number to zero
Updates the exif timestamp in the bin.
Test if the given cell has consumed events.
Reads a single character. This method will block until a character is available, an I/O error occurs, or the end of the stream is reached.
A function to create the y axis and its breakdown for plot labels
Returns the maximum value.
Prints the contents of the remote file.
Extends the set of groundings with this rule.
Parse an expression and return the pattern.
Tests database types for tables
This method will be used to check whether stream is already present in cache or not for filepath if not present then create it and then add to cache, other wise get from cache
Removes a listener from the set of listeners
Returns what the serialization specification calls "descriptor" given a field signature.
Adds a default parameters from the request body.
Converts an annotation pseudo random form into a Java byte array.
Return true if the ID bound is bound to this resource.
A service wrapper for the createElectronicTextMethod method. Forces permissions to be checked.
Constructs a Pattern expression with the given name and parameters.
Compute the intersection of two line segments.
Method which removes the specified object class from original set and returns the set of object classes that were removed.
Get the filename of the current time.
Returns true if Entity key is PDF, false otherwise.
draws the grid background
Create a ZipStream object from a directory.
Unpacks the compressed character translation table.
Should be called from the connector thread.
This overridden method checks to see if the OMGraphicList is created, and then returns a list of OMGraphics objects that are created via subclasses.
Returns common pool queue for a thread that has submitted at least one task.
Return true if the given attribute is a private annotation, false otherwise.
Divide: rounding mode is ROUND_HALF_UP, result is positive; distance = -1
Internal method validates a user format.
This method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled, either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll. If you override this method you must call through to the superclass implementation (e.g. super.onPageScrolled(position, offset, offsetPixels)) before onPageScrolled returns.
Convert a string to the required format
Loads the text file from the given input stream.
Calculate Selector Lapter the selector radius.
Determines the width of this view
Test random byte array with zero bytes.
Called when the admin has already been added.
Executes the local number.
Transforms multiple paths will all matrices.
Decodes a byte array from Base64 format. No blanks or line breaks are allowed within the Base64 encoded input data.
Ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance.
Item will slide from RecyclerView - 1
Constructs a new MutableBigInteger using the specified MutableBigInteger's value. The magnitude will be chosen from the specified buffer.
Override new tenant request ID
Load data from bytes.
Create the index from the log file.
Returns the game reference.
Inserts the given parameter value into a new List object.
Returns the minimum dimensions the target container can use to meet the components already.
Adds p_L to p_j_i_2
Only select an item at the given position
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Depending on the input node and return all whitespace nodes.
Waits until the editor file is active.
Computes the largest solution value.
Convert vm coordinate to Y
Register the values to the server.
Parses an ASCII property list from an input stream.
Calculates the current score for each node.
Creates a new instance of examples for a given set of documents.
Checks if the zone link string is in the given output string.
Checks to see if the next imisson distribution has been computed
Checks if the input array is valid.
Measure and layout all currently visible children.
Processes the event listener from the connection.
Gets the percentage that specifies the specified range.
Quietly closes given Closeable.
<p>Releases a reference to the cluster.
Adds a new event listener to this dialog.
We only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops.
Converts String to byte array.
Loads properties from the given package.
returns true if the two graph objects are equal
Parses a name-value-pair with the given parser.
Actions a Pull Event
Convert a locical mapping at the specified location.
Parses the input file and returns a string object.
Find the differences between two texts. Simplifies the problem by stripping any common prefix or suffix off the texts before diffing.
Construct a new proxy with a domain.
Returns the number of unprocessed tokens remaining in the string.
Updates the document at the specified index.
reset all common components before parsing
Update the description of a given target volume
Handles a default exception.
Recreate inner state for object after deserialization.
Paint the arrow in enabled state.
Logs a thrown exception.
Convert a small BigDecimal to BigInteger
Called when the accuracy of the sensor has changed.
Indicates if this parameter is excluded.
setMinCRLNumber(BigInteger maxCRL) method testing. Tests if CRLs with any crl number value match the selector in the case of null crlNumber criteria, if specified maxCRL value matches the selector, and if CRL with inappropriate crlNumber value does not match the selector.
Evaluates the popup menu depending on the popup menu.
Remove a task from itself.
java.math.BigDecimal#divide(java.math.BigDecimal, java.math.RoundingMode) divide(BigDecimal, RoundingMode)
Ensure that the path exists
Loads the class with a name. If the class has already been loaded then a dynamic class loader is returned.
Determines the height of this view
This only checks clipping along the bottom edge.
Creates a new scheduling rule factory for the given workspace
Writes a byte array to a file creating the file if it does not exist.
Adds the specified item to the list
Check for pending messages.
Determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction.
Parses the current node and returns the number of elements added.
Calculates scram/use height for incomplete I thinks.
Test that similar to the supported values.
Closes the callbacks cache for the named cache
static version of indexOf, to allow repeated calls without needing to re-acquire array each time.
Populate the list of profiles
Checks the bucket count for the given file offset.
Return the real absolute value of this raster.
Return the false if not already on the specified set of nodes.
Returns OID for algName
Provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments.
Refills the input buffer.
Receive notification of the mouse event.
Add a module to the set of modules to load and register its services
Checks whether all tables are found in the specified database
Resolve the feature data into a single ArrayList.
Null-safe call to bind header items.
Updates the complete line list of line states based on the current state.
Draws a rectangle of given half width and half height, centered on (x, y).
Re-measure the Loading Views height, and adjust internal padding as necessary
Replaces a split element with an index
Called to start removing an item from the registry.
Calculates initial split for a given row size
Invoked when the mouse has been clicked on a component.
Evaluates source strings.
Returns true if there is another postponed route to try.
Checks if the current selection is currently open
Construct IFS path based on URI.
reads a XML Element Attribute ans cast it to a int value
Returns the remainder of 'reader' as a string, closing it when done.
Adds the bean for the given event type.
Mark the entry as used
Execute the request as a String
Handle a set of pieces
Registers implementing class of the Signature algorithm with algorithmURI
Create a key settings instance.
Returns true if the input string contains just space.
Checks the boards for two segment segments
Removes the first occurrence, starting at the beginning and moving towards the end, of the specified object from this vector. All elements with an index bigger than the element that gets removed have their index decreased by 1.
Mutates the components of a marker.
Adds the data in statement.
Utility method that allows to convert a Java property name to a Java field name
A function that generates random AES & HMAC keys and prints out exceptions but doesn't throw them since none should be encountered. If they are encountered, the return value is null.
Ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method.
Execute a SQL statement.
Creates a new journal that omits redundant information. This replaces the current journal if it exists.
Refreshes the current button when the chat message was completed.
Create the migration task editor.
This method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled, either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll. If you override this method you must call through to the superclass implementation (e.g. super.onPageScrolled(position, offset, offsetPixels)) before onPageScrolled returns.
Used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main Whitebox user interface.
Ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes.
Accepts an IPv4 address of the form xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx, ie 192.168.0.1 and returns the corresponding 32 bit integer.
Close the given cursor and remove it from the map
Returns true if the pattern contains the next capturing pattern.
Generates the bytecode for the given integer.
Converts a node into a XML string.
Adds a new item to the list
notify successful completion of the operation
Transform an xsl-fo StreamSource to the specified output format.
Splits the input String based on the regex
Reads the next available stream. If the stream has been ready, a timeout is returned.
Delete the appropriate signatures registered with the handler block.
Set bounds for the right textView including clip padding.
Create a ContentModule for the given blob
Checks to see if the coverage maps are valid.
finds a list of values from the query
Returns the first index of elt in the array if < len, else -1.
Adds the given value to the set.
Compares the argument to this Certificate. If both have the same bytes they are assumed to be equal.
Appending every BY clause.
Encode the given string into a byte array.
Used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main Whitebox user interface.
Extracts a histogram from the given GeoTimeSerie instance.
This function will take a song entry and update it to the latest week and increase the count for the current week by 1 if necessary
Recursively assign node weights.
Creates a new instance of SearchEngine
Adds a field to use as query string.
Combines an operand into a result, and returns the result.
Build the schema statement.
And for a negative and a positive numbers; the first is shorter
Initializes the stream chain and registers the listener.
Return the sentence.
Updates the Expression.
Output the SQL type for a Java short.
Breaks a String to multiple strings.
Write all modified favorites to the data stream.
Update the pending average.
Validate the payment field values
Instantiates a new tag state.
Instantiates a new cipher result.
Invoked when the state of the listener has changed its state.
Parses a list of string into an array of strings
Adds the layout or removed positions.
Returns true if the window is currently running.
Creates a default mosaic definition.
Helper a result that requires one matching node to another.
Set the SSL TrustManager.
A convenience function if the component is not already needed
Add an internal listener to the list
The "safe" square root of the input value, handling negative values by simply making them positive and then negating the return value.
Runs List of threads and builds a result.
Appends a character to the buffer. If the character already contains a character and it is.
Initializes the owner references.
Construct a SELECT statement suitable for use in a group of SELECT statements that will be joined through UNION operators in buildUnionQuery.
Constructs a new node with the given coordinates.
Increases the time between the current time.
Revert all files in the root directory.
Concatenates a list of float arrays into a single array.
Create a tag value for the given input line.
Description of the Method
The object can be read.
Writes the contents of the internal buffer to the given array starting at the given offset. Assumes the array has space to hold count bytes.
Delete an entry that was removed from the data
Compute the normal probability of the normal distribution.
Sorts an array of Strings, returning a new array with the sorted items. The original array is left untouched.
Adds a new zoom listener.
Clears a RegisterOp object.
Fire when an annotation has been selected.
Updates the prediction stats and returns whether additional client has allowed.
Authenticates the received server evidence message M1 and saves it only if correct. To be called after calculating the secret S.
This is called by processing a text component, if necessary.
Removes the specific URI structures.
Translates a string to a inside style attribute.
Constructs an EscapedWriter around the given Writer.
Returns true if this cookie has expired.
Records the record into disk.
Checks if the given method is correct.
Remainder of division of equal numbers
Clears the metadata property for the given name
Returns the distance between two values.
Checks backup info on the backup.
A locale independent version of the string.
Create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes. The number fits in an integer.
Builds and returns a Opus Comment.
Asserts that all properties in the supplied tick points are removed.
Returns the number of elements in this set.
Converts only string in upper case.
Get an iterator over the edges in this graph.
Unlocks and puts the specified state.
Creates and returns a String formatted so it will fit in a box suitable for a Java Doc header.
Method will convert a String to a number
adds a specific item to the link.
Finds all shards for the given type.
Load workflw and initialize the session attributes.
Returns a hash code value for this X509Certificate object.
Removes the from tags.
Verifies the given secp256k1 signature in native code. Calling when enabled == false is undefined (probably library not loaded)
Recursively delete the webapp directory.
Check that an iterator contains the expected iterator.
Determines if the formatting has finished during loading.
Generates the hostname for a given vm.
Copies the data entry to the given file.
Helper method for Overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function. This is the advanced version of the call.
Unwraps the expression without opening an expression.
If we have all PieChart Config then there is no point in reloading it
draws a random interval and next tick intervals
Creates the line structure for the given text. Newly created lines are inserted into the line structure starting at the given position. Returns the number of newly created lines.
Returns the positive square root of the specified value.
Counts the number of black/white transitions between two points, using something like Bresenham's algorithm.
Convert a number into a bit string.
Encodes an array of bytes into an array of URL safe 7-bit characters. Unsafe characters are escaped.
Create a messageTokenizer with provided content
Wait for data to start for this node.
Loads the stored translation for this frame.
create MouseMode from cursor
Adds a new event to the queue.
Stops the timer with the specified name.
returns description of the summary file
Creates the temporary file created by this scanner
Description of the Method
Select also all items belonging to any selected items.
Simple new instance for testing.
Removes from the list of nodes any that cannot be parents of x given the background knowledge.
Configures the properties from the specified input stream.
Open a new connection to the database.
A simple implementation of the addInstance() to the production creation
Take the switch port and add them to Fayments.
Sleep for the specified time, ignoring any exceptions that occur
Verify that a set of write doesn't contain a message.
Calculates the natural entropy of the actual values.
Check to see if a string is a valid Nmtoken according to [7] in the XML 1.0 Recommendation
Handle mouse presses.
Parses the result of an input string and returns the value as a double.
Put a string into the output stream.
Actions a Pull Event
Add a RTCP event listener
Creates a new array of the given size if necessary and copies the data into the new array.
This method detects a code in a "pure" image -- that is, pure monochrome image which contains only an unrotated, unskewed, image of a code, with some white border around it. This is a specialized method that works exceptionally fast in this special case.
Print an error at a specific domain error.
Connects socket 'fd' to 'inetAddress' on 'port', with no timeout. The lack of a timeout means this method won't throw SocketTimeoutException.
Determine if the string-value of a node is whitespace
Creates a new debugger panel object.
Opens the access document.
Deregisters a Spring from this BaseSpringSystem, so it won't be iterated anymore. The Spring should not be used anymore after doing this.
Returns the string representation of this file.
Parses an N-Triples node, creates an object for it using the supplied ValueFactory and returns this object.
Reset the current PSR list.
Sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order.
Close this Popup Menu.
Free an object with the specified id.
Define the view edge.
Convert an IPv4 address string to an IPv6 address.
track of a failure
Reads a double (32 bit) from the source stream.
Returns true if the bar is at the current position in the buffer
Case sensitive match test.
Create map from tile properties.
Computes the result for the given double value.
Connects the PANU to a remote device and checks to make sure that the PANU is connected and that the correct actions were broadcast.
Calculates the dist between two points
Creates a new URL of the given component parts. The URL uses the protocol's default port.
Return a Workflow.Method for createVolume.
Constructs a new FileCommandInfo object.
Initializes the widget.
This function will install a trust manager that will blindly trust all SSL certificates. The reason this code is being added is to enable developers to do development using self signed SSL certificates on their web server. The standard HttpsURLConnection class will throw an exception on self signed certificates if this code is not run.
Sample the count
Gets the requested user code.
Test for correct error handling for a mission with no "name" attribute.
Checks if this object equals another. <p> The entire state of the object is compared.
Releases any resources we may have (or other resources).
NOTE: This logic doesn't round up at most likely value within the beta distribution
Close the shared file.
Resolves files within a given list of classpath paths and adds them to the list of paths.
javax/crypto/Experiment
Reload the configuration cache.
Cleans up this ChatStack. You can only call this method if it is no longer needed.
Serialize the given certificate.
Add the set to an existing file.
Add a byte array to the buffer.
Convenience method to return a String array as a string.
Removes all items from the Statistic.
Parses the Attribute ans cast it to a normal color.
Rounds the result to a single line.
Checks if we have elapsed size in memory.
Read the next byte from the stream.
If the normalizedScale is equal to 1, then the image is made to fit the screen. Otherwise, it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix. This allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation.
Limit the clip such that it fits within the specified region.
Shutdowns thread pools.
Convert a collection of InetAddress to list of IP addresses.
Method to remove line with characters from a string. If the string is empty, the string is returned.
Calculate counters for all counters.
Escape all HTML characters.
Merge columns on the current table.
Retrieves row count of a table.
Creates a new JarModifier with the given archive to be modified
this method will add an attribute to the population at the end.
Associate the given value with the specified key.
Sort the array using the given limit and limit.
Check if a server transaction is running.
Adds a special "marked occurrence" highlight.
Helper method for Overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function. This is the advanced version of the call.
Fully read from the specified stream.
Validate the given assumption.
Adds a set of category to the cart
Add an item set for that item sets
Skips over the input buffer.
Create the workflow method for removing VPLEX volumes from the passed VPLEX consistency group.
Shows several URLs for a particular URL.
Converts a mouse mouse event into a lightweight of the components of the given mouse event. Notice that if the mouse hasn't changed yet.
Compute the regular expression name associated with our original identifier.
Generate the call identifier.
Parse a hour value. Depending on patternChar parameter, the hour can be 0-12, 1-12. The returned value will always be 0 based.
Internal method which updates the command position and mouse values.
Given a substitution, concatenates all the type types in original types.
Responds to the canvas.
Gets a list of the TCP addresses.
Returns the seconds until idle lockout.
Validates a JMX client.
And for two negative numbers; the first is shorter
Given a number of control y for the regular expression.
Read the object from Base64 string.
Adds the specified search name to the document with the specified values removed from this document. If the first set has null values removed then the document is removed.
Construct the singular value decomposition
Call this method to clear the indication for a distributed lock. If there is an indication for this member, this method is called only if the indication is cleared.
Create a new (empty) UnicastRef.
static version of lastIndexOf.
Write data to file.
compute the dulld level for two primitives
max(BigInteger val). the first is less.
Function used to stop code that calls acceptClusterer. This is needed as clusterer evaluation is performed inside a separate thread of execution.
Called to set the OffsetGrabPoint to the current mouse location, and update the OffsetGrabPoint with all the other OffsetGrabPoints.
Writes floats from the given float array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position and increases the position by the number of floats written.
The optimized version of SAX2DTM.dispatchCharactersEvents(int, ContentHandler, boolean). <p> Directly call the characters method on the passed ContentHandler for the string-value of the given node (see http://www.w3.org/TR/xslt#send().
Tests if the passed IP prefix is a token number
Attempts to lock the given service with the specific name
Check if the cookie has been calculated, based on whether the cookie has been requested for this cookie.
Use the imported files on the given extension.
Creates a new operand.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Encodes the application data into SSL/TLS record. If handshake status of the engine differs from NOT_CHECKMULTISIG.
Returns a byte[] containing the remainder of 'in', closing it when done.
Parse a SQL statement and return all possible parameters.
Writes a long, starting at the specified offset.
This gets called when the request is assigned to an event with the given request id. By default, this returns true.
Generate a salt for use with the BCrypt.hashpw() method
If possible, validate the given key's hashCode against any that was returned by the peer.
convert a number to a string in colours
Run init script on a MySQL file.
Parse an integer located between 2 given offsets in a string
Prints an object to this output stream and then terminates the line.
Check that the argument is a real number.
Init for initializing keyboard buttons.
Check if a Context is auto-memory.
Returns the absolute path of the given file. If file exists, return null.
Helper method to initialize Process
Internal method to perform the normalization.
Reset the jars in this resource.
andNot for two negative numbers; the first is longer
Generates strings over a random char array.
Instantiates a new ERROR rate manager.
Removes an attribute from the request
Delete a key from the cache.
Checks if an error occurs on the database.
Construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception.
Adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid. This ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer.
Block up an XML prefix.
Increments the time accumulator.
computes the returned hash of an array
Shows user home following users page.
Returns the elevation at a given latitude/longitude.
Create the specified object for the specified object.
Delete the children of the element
Saves the old child state to the given component.
Checks, if this item is near enough to decide whether or not.
Ensures that the specified location is not null.
Read an ArrayList from an InputStream containing XML. The stream can previously have been written by writeListXml().
Adds padding to the right of the string to the given length
Returns an enumeration of the additional measure names
This method should not raise any exceptions.
Adds a new movie set.
Clears all unused keys
Create Order from Properties
Constructs a ShortInterleavedRaster with the given SampleModel and DataBuffer. The Raster's upper left corner is origin and it is the same sizes the SampleModel. The DataBuffer is not initialized and must be a DataBufferInt compatible with SampleModel. SampleModel must be of type SinglePixelPackedSampleModel.
This method will copy the given file to cSF store
Checks whether this holder is visible or not.
Convert a string to a double
Adds a listener that is notified about changes in the panel.
Test creation of PNG with a continuous set of images. To test the BLOB doesn't hold yet, it is overwritten.
Is the feature free?
calculates the approximate size of a text, depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls (e.g. inside drawing methods)
Performs the default variables.
Returns a String representation of the list, front to back.
Write an image, Lat/Lon with X/Y placement with an ImageIcon.
Test projection references into metadata.
Monitor changes to the scale slider.
Writes string content to file.
Determine whether the given URL points to a resource in the file system, that is, has protocol "file", "vfsfile" or "vfs".
Updates progress to file.
Converts OID into array of ints.
Gets a list of server servers for a given site.
Creates a dialog that can be used to create the dialog.
Checks if the layer contains the given mapping.
Decode the contents of the inputstream into a buffer.
This call will run finalization, so that it can be overriden by other thread to perform some effect.
display the string defined in the string xml file: iconfont_string.xml
Checks if the HTTP GET request length exists in the response header.
Adds a foreign key constraint to the binding table.
Called with the activity is first created.
Pushes a topic to be drawn on the core.
Appends a json encoded key/value pair to the given string builder.
Private helper method to update cache mappings for the resource and lookup mapping.
Deselects an item in the receiver.
Tests if this node is a parent.
Adds listener for when the given listener is choice.
Tests this object for equality with an arbitrary object.
Parses a double array.
Test where each file is constructed from between two information.
Calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream.
Constructs a session wrapper from a Session.
Retrieves the batch of requests for the given request.
returns the script directory
Clears the routing buffer.
Create a unnecessary type that is not qualified
Create data for processing stack level
Converts a hexadecimal character to an integer.
Converts the pod list into a JSON object
Loads a KeyStore from a specified filename.
Remove a property change listener
Checks if is enabled
Add one or more bits to this vector
Returns true if matches the Principal entry and principal.
Whether the player has a valid fling profile.
Read signal requests for the server and appends it to the response
Checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified. <p> This method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot. There must be no directory separator after the dot. The extension check is case-sensitive on all platforms.
Constructs a WHERE clause given a stream variable.
See ISO 16022:2006, 5.2.7
Creates a Kdb database from the given credentials stream.
Decodes a Add operation.
Sorts the elements in place
Recalculates the panel and processes the images.
Processes bytes from an array.
Returns the string representation of the given object.
End page of next page
The following two methods exist because in, out, and err must be initialized to null. The compiler, however, cannot be permitted to inline access to them, since they are later set to more sensible values by initializeSystemClass().
Returns a list of the types in this instance.
Removes the rules from the given List of rules
Returns true if the element was visited
Sets the client to establish internal client.
Creates a future that is synchronously completed exceptionally.
initializes with the FDF with the result of rotation information.
override to check equality with a mask
Emits the given probability of the gen variables.
Creates a new URI instance of the given unencoded component parts.
<p>Extracts the k-best translation and then resets the state of the K matrix after reading it.
Reads a single character from the source string and returns it as an integer with the two higher-order bytes set to 0. Returns -1 if the end of the source string has been reached.
Returns true if the passed block is supported by an Storage Array.
Lists all the services against the provided service descriptors.
Removes the punctuation character from the LDAP database string.
Divide: rounding mode is ROUND_HALF_EVEN, result is negative; equidistant
Quantile function of beta
Validate the given certificate using public key.
creates a new deployment id if they are supported, and if none is available.
return the number of objects in this sequence.
Tests that the a web role should be added to the definition!
Subtract two negative numbers of different length. The first is longer.
Creates a MultiTermQuery with the specified field.
Prints the message passed as a non-String object.
currently only group by tags groupbys' first item always is site, which is a reserved field
Test various test data.
Produces a text representation of the regular expression.
Is the given member part of a setter?
Returns an initialized DateFormat object.
Writes the edited KML file to the specified file.
return the destination file name
Get users and groups from the server to fill in the "export" list
Creates a new server panel instance.
Get default headers.
Clears the list of localized headers from the list.
Puts a new request in queue as a new thread in pool to be executed
Register a new Client object to the DB and return the client's instance.
Parses the data from the supplied InputStream, using the supplied libraries.
Parses the date value using the given date formats.
Removes a JSONObject from this object.
Looks for next blocks in the loop array.
Reads a line of data from the file and returns it as a byte array.
Used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main Whitebox user interface.
Generate a working test file
Rename the supplied editor panel.
Determines if the point should be inside single line.
Override to set up your specific external resource.
Converts Vypherical coordinate into the virtual axis.
Copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified target sequence with another sequence. The string is processed from the beginning to the end.
Encode string as a URL string.
Draws an image, applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing. The transformation from user space into device space is done with the current transform in the Graphics2D. The given transformation is applied to the image before the transform attribute in the Graphics2D state is applied. The rendering attributes applied include the clip, transform, and composite attributes. Note that the result is undefined, if the given transform is noninvertible.
Build the dimensions for the given link counts
Advances the position until after the next newline character. If the line is terminated by "\r\n", the '\n' must be consumed as whitespace by the caller.
Creates a new IndTestCramerT instance for a subset of the variables.
Reads all data from given file
Formats time in milliseconds to hh:mm:ss string format.
Add the specified property change listener for the specified property.
Creates a new folder with a default folder name.
Add a typed array to the config
Adds sub-configuration to this diagnostic.
Fill a set of entry.
Check whether two collection contains at least one of the given id.
For keyboard mode, processes key events.
Asserts that the actual duration is within 10% of the given expected time.
Performs a diff based on the current application
Creates a new field frame.
Create a new AbstractResource.
Return this argument as a String.
Initializes the client with a given question and a peer.
Utility method to melin terms of double value given the input value.
Create a new Rounded icon generator.
Generate byte array containing random bytes.
Returns a string representation of the list.
Copy bytes from byte array to buffer.
Returns true if the time has expired
Put a key/boolean pair in the JSONObject.
Util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
handle a selection event
Check whether the "preciation" of the file can be made.
Writes the contents of this CacheHeader to the specified OutputStream.
Get response as byte array
Starts fading out all layers.
A shallow copy of the first item alone.
Register a text change listener.
Returns an iterator over the profiles.
Checks whether the string starts with a space character, false otherwise.
Appends scheme to incoming path
Given a key, compute the whole level.
Return true if the mouse has been dragged by the screen.
Initializes the caching HTTP Headers Filter.
Adds common component to the parser configuration. This method will also add all of the component's recognized features and properties to the list of default recognized features and properties.
Spins/blocks until node s is matched by a fulfill operation.
Load general subtrees from the Jtrees.
Reads a single byte from the source string and returns it as an integer in the range from 0 to 255. Returns -1 if the end of the source string has been reached.
Returns true if the player is disabled.
Save string contents to a file.
Helper method to make a tree all of the keys and output a source
Computes the angle between two points.
Construct a new InMemory cursor with the given columns.
Returns true if is enabled.
Description of the Method
Creates a new transaction that encapsulates the transaction.
Starts this GemFire runner.
Exports an object. This method produces the bytecode of the proxy class used to access the exported object. A remote applet can load the proxy class and call a method on the exported object.
Creates the software files directory.
Reads a String from an InputStream using the default character encoding.
Internal helper method for processing the children. It also processes a SELECT query node.
Generates the debug messages.
Create a metadata queue for the database.
Write an object to a string.
Returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied EventSetDescriptor
Creates a new Request configured to publish an Open Graph action.
Hide content and show the progress bar
Read a data point from an input stream.
Compute the conditional mean for the vector x and y.
Used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main Whitebox user interface.
Constructs a new SDPException.
Links node as first element, or returns false if full.
Send PropertyChangeListener to all registered listeners.
Determines whether a template can be read or not.
Create a new JValueSlider.
Applies the styled attributes for a graphic.
TODO Add method documentation
Instantiates a new remote service descriptor.
Read the old journal from the input file. In the event of any error, just pretend we didn't have a journal, in that case, do a full backup.
Starts the server.
This method is called when the client is completed. The logic will always return true.
This method addss an native matrix with the supplied precision and height. If there is an error occurs, the value will be updated as follows.
Writes ints from the given int array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position and increases the position by the number of ints written.
Add a header to the request with the specified key.
Updates the UI according to required.
Generate to source of the class.
Submit a task to the core pool
Checks if the given key name is a valid client id.
Validates user auth namespace create request. This method also trims user request.
Return a formatted string
Calculates the derived statistics (significance etc).
Used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main Whitebox user interface.
Check to see if BlockGroup can be deleted.
Closes 'closeable', ignoring any checked exceptions. Does nothing if 'closeable' is null.
Receive a message from the priority queue.
Removes the objects in the specified range from the start to the end, but not including the end index.
Refills the input buffer.
Checks if duplicate names have been deleted
Stops all kved cluster
This method was generated by MyBatis Generator. This method corresponds to the database table address
Releases all selections of the specified items
Tries to link mapping given the file
Delete a load name that the train will either service or exclude. See setLoadOption
Validate the sampling name and context name.
Creates a string from an integer tag.
Remove arguments at the given index and remove them from the list.
Replaces policy in the resource tree with the given policy tree.
Create a new byte array with the specified length.
copy the action from a file
Recompute the separation of cluster means.
Method to make an image such that it is independent of or not.
Handles cleaning up for a lost pool entry with the given route. A lost pool entry corresponds to a connection that was garbage collected instead of being properly released.
Write a start element tag to out.
Add user feedback listener.
Traverses the list of keys and inserts it into the tree.
Replaces the first instance of the search string with the replace string.
Puts a byte to the specified buffer at the specified index.
Creates a default turnoutConfig panel.
Generate a salt for use with the BCrypt.hashpw() method
draws the description text in the bottom right corner of the chart
Parses the bytes from a string.
Returns the link name, if there is no previous link.
Updates the address space notification.
Take a Publisher and prepare to consume it on parallallings.
Cleans a directory without deleting it.
Adds a gallall at the given x and y rectangle.
Adds the given segment to the buffer, starting at the current position.
DeleteFunctionalityTest#testDelete6(). TODO Foreign key functionality is not supported
Assembles Ignite channel for the given topic if needed.
Calculates the change point from x and y.
Attempts to insert an entry from the source entry.
Add a URI to the container and initialize the URI.
Transfers all characters from a given sequence of range to the given sequence.
Computes the distance between two line points.
Returns a copy of the current instance to achieve immutability
Runs the test case.
Use our patch entry on these ids.
Read bytes until the array is closed.
Creates the GUI elements of the component.
Check if we have a Jino one.
Creates a new Chson distribution
Check if these lines is enabled.
Check if this file is valid.
Add a response listener.
Calculate the log likelihood of the current state.
Returns true if there are dead states that reach an accept state.
Subtracts two Money objects
Compares this edge into another object.
Skip a single line of input. This method does not block.
list of volumes to an input handler
Convert a base64 encoded String to a ByteBuffer.
stepping out the appropriate time for changes in a frame.
Load characters into a StringBuffer, using '-' character.
Ctor with private key.
Construct a multiary path string builder.
Adds wheel changing listener
Searches the number value for the next token
ToBitString - returns a String representation of x[].
Converts a 16-bit buffer into a signed byte buffer.
Checks the token for a valid token.
Util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Expands all root nodes that have been inserted into the tree.
Build and represent a building for the input partitions.
invokeAny(c) throws NullPointerException if c has a single null task
Given p1, k - converts p_2 to p_2 and z_2
Create a new action object.
Generates an x-values array filled with numbers in range specified by the parameters. Can be used for convenience.
compareTo(BigInteger a). Compare two numbers of different signs. The first is negative.
Put the service under the given attribute value for the given defining class and field, if it isn't already there. Return the HashMap for the given class and field.
Creates a new decoder that decodes the specified URI. The decoder will assume that the query string is encoded in UTF-8.
Convert RGB color to CMYK color.
Removes a listener from the set of listeners
Shows an error message
Parses a name-value-pair with the given parser.
Removes all characters which appear in string bag from string s.
Returns the trigonometric cosine of the specified angle in radians.
Formats the given number to the given number of decimals, and returns the number as a string, maximum 35 characters.
Description of the Method
Method for BeanContextChild interface. Uses the BeanContextChildSupport to remove a listener to this object's property. The listener has the power to veto property changes.
Helper function to ascertain the existence of a file and return true/false appropriately
Given a phone number, find the requirement and retrieve the flags
Flatten a Map into an XmlSerializer. The map can later be read back with readThisMapXml(). This method presumes that the start tag and name attribute have already been written and does not write an end tag.
Fires an event on the game.
Determines if a new entry has a full direction
Checks if the given resource is a module.
Writes an annotation to the current section.
Convert an IPv4 address into an IPv4 address.
Determines whether a given revision contains a given template name
Retrieves all configured requests.
Draws a colour for the given parameters.
Method called to add a copy of the String to a new List
Emit a list of listeners.
Read on char. like DataInputStream.readChar except little endian.
Determines how two dates compare up to no more than the specified most significant field.
Makes a split from the original word, and appends it to the list of all possible English words.
Does a given URL point to Google Book Search, regardless of domain.
Retrieves the class path by the specified binary file name.
Removes a title prefix.
Send a message to send.
Returns true if at least one of the given attributes is instance of this service.
Test for equality, coping with nulls.
Search for train by road number
Convert class name to dotted format. If the class name is already in dotted format, it is returned unmodified.
Calculates the average value of a particular coordinate in memory.
Finds an existing location for a specific location
Closes the count and clean up any times.
Remove OMA download info from SharedPrefs.
Returns true if the given SDK is explicitly relative to the local system and parent directories.
Returns a boolean indicating whether a Bundle contains properties that could be a valid saved token.
We call this to guarantee that we fetch a fresh policy from the server. This is to be used if the URL is invalid.
Returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the named event
Returns the value of the power of two elements
Invokes the specified parameterless method if it exists.
Unformat a stream wrapping the given InputStream.
Add a button to the url
Map the responses based on the current matcher into the UI thread.
Commits the current assignment.
Split string into multiple strings.
Insert an instruction in the GCIRMap that is specified by inst.
Creates a new instance.
Constructs a new parser for the given format string.
Converts an iterator to a string using a separator.
Is the pin on this queue?
Schedules a rolling save event
Tells whether this variable is possible
action to be performed
Returns a string representation of the chart.
Returns Integer value for the given integer.
This method was generated by MyBatis Generator. This method corresponds to the database table address
Send a VERBOSE log message.
Saves all indexes for this table.
Compute and return the score for a match with e errors and x location.
if deltaY > 0, move the content down
Copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one. These mappings replace any mappings that this map had for any of the keys currently in the specified map.
Insert a string to the end of the document.
Obtains the string representation of this object.
This method will block until the data is received.
Copy the contents of an input reader into a writer and close the reader when done.
Checks all the parents of a temporary port. If possible, return the total number of children.
Inverse project x,y coordinates into a Point2D.
Asserts that the given code closure fails when it is evaluated and that a particular exception is thrown.
Writes a raw packet to the desired interface. A L2 header will be added which includes the specified destination address, our source MAC, and the specified protocol type. The caller is responsible for computing correct MAC.
Process an attribute string of type T_YESNO into a Boolean value.
Load RMA data from CMA store
This method will search list of WO's for the given criteria and eligible for batches.
Creates a time period for a given date and time zone.
Create a task snapshot from one resource
Encodes the certificate to the CRL set to the specified signature.
Schedules a timer for this task. This method should be called by the calling thread.
Abbreviate a String by simply truncating it.
Read a Not tests
Checks the view point to represent a data row.
Helper method called to empty all shared symbols, but to leave arrays allocated
Determine the enemy potential for blitzing a territory - all enemies are combined
Creates a Name from a common identifier.
Parses a date and returns a time object.
Returns a string representation of the timer.
Indicates if the character is a white space or not.
Removes the given filter.
Remove all class names that were removed
Add a property change listener
Returns the number of checkpoints that were loaded.
Add an item to the list
add the urls for listening
Adds the passed VirtualArray URIs to the group.
Determines if the column is editable or not.
Unpacks the compressed character translation table.
if this is no longer over, return false.
Concatenates a list of values into a single array.
Constructs an iterator from the pattern.
Validates custom title.
Create a new runnable execution exception with the specified stats.
Determines if an HTTP API value is DDP.
adds a child component at the given index
Restores the focus to the table.
Gets the curent contents of this byte stream as a byte array. The result is independent of this stream.
Clean up after muteLock
Consumes the current event into the queue, waiting for example, at the specified time. Throws an exception if the event expires.
Update the UI from the command.
compareTo(BigInteger a). Compare ZERO to ZERO.
Static version of a normal distribution.
Determine the current amount of overscroll. If the value is 0, there is no overscroll. If the value is < 0, tabs are overscrolling towards the top or or left. If the value is > 0, tabs are overscrolling towards the bottom or right.
Constructs a new vector with the specified capacity.
Process the invite request.
Creates a locator with given logger.
Read send delay time from window Returns 'true' if successful, 'false' if an error was detected. If an error is detected, a suitable error message is placed in the Notes area
Writes a set of indentation.
Returns the hash code of this list. The hash code is calculated by taking each element's hashcode into account.
Parse string value returning an int.
Processes a Java MouseEvent on the frame list.
Tests whether the tree node is invalid.
Generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
Called when motion events
Remove a batch clusterer listener
This should only be created by the lock service. This call will not refresh the token.
Removes an object from the relation. This is used for offline caching.
Wraps a byte array.
Parse the formatted string as a base String.
valueOf (long val): convert a negative long value to a BigInteger. The long value fits in integer.
Inserts the specified element before the specified position into the receiver. Shifts the element currently at that position (if any) and any subsequent elements to the right.
Makes sure there is more entries in the order.
Construct a sided plane from a pair of vectors describing points, and including origin, plus a point p which describes the side.
Checks the InputStream if it contains GZIP compressed data
Insert room for operation. This will NOT set the length value of the operation, but will update the length value for the total expression.
Clears the managed object manager.
Registers a decay object without decaying the obj.
Asserts that the expectedString contains both expected and expectedString
Removes the classname from the cache.
Waits for failure to terminate.
Renders the given component into the chooser.
Used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main Whitebox user interface.
Handles the case where a class loader is dropped.
Delete the given list of attachment points from the given switch.
Returns true if the given type is assignable from the given table, false otherwise.
total number of files that are ready to be restored
Constructs and AnimGameItem instace based on a MD5 Model an MD5 Animation
Construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception.
Delete a assignment from the cache and retrieve it with the given id.
Format a given object.
CAS waitStatus field of a node.
Creates the thread dump for the specified thread.
Go back to the end of audio buffer and signals.
Check if a filter matches the given input.
Removes and returns first element, or null if empty.
Run an HTTP Server processing.
Initialize the document builder factory so that it can be reused and does not need to be reinitialized for each parse action.
Returns the standard error of the estimate for the intercept.
Create missing values Method
Normalizes a path to avoid problems.
Start the launch operation
A convenience method that does nothing.
Expands the hidden directory which can be expanded if necessary.
Tries to release the buffer. If successful, return false.
Updates the text value and selected values.
Check if there are more data to read.
Appends a parameter types to a string list.
Perform a complete heartbeat on the database. The heartbeat state update must be executed before the master.
Prepare a random session instance
Load the private key generator from the default certificate
Removes listener for changes of registered snapshot categories.
Will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently dont handle any extensions!
scale the latest week range of the week to see if they are not visible.
checks if string is not in array
Returns a copy of the given node or subtree with this document as its owner.
libsecp256k1 Cleanup - This destroys the secp256k1 context object This should be called at the end of the program for proper cleanup of the context.
initializes an existing login connection
Creates the URL for each shard in the given shard.
Get reader to response body using given character set. <p> This will fall back to using the UTF-8 character set if the given charset is null
Convert an image of ZLS into a ZRGB byte array.
Add a vertex to the list.
Configures a local request control
Returns the index within this string of the first occurrence of the specified character sequence starting at the specified index.
Calculate the height requirements of the table column. The requirements of multi-row cells are not allowed.
Appends the given string to the end of the string.
Pushes an entry to the query.
Return a textual description of the tree.
Loads the exact value for a column
Created a bulk load.
Forward project a lat/lon Poly. This is a complex method. Please read the in-code documentation for an explanation of the algorithm.
Remove categories that contain a year in them (starting with 1970)
Constructs a new DataProvider event.
Validates a set of class errors.
Tries to insert a single line after the command point based on the command specified by the current line.
Turns a formatted number into a formatting template and returns it.
Fills Selects events.
Creates a copy of the field.
Create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero length. The sign is 1.
Cast object to type t.
Schedules a file to be deleted when JVM exits. If file is directory delete it and all sub-directories.