Returns a 0-based depth within the object graph of the current object being serialized.
Checks whether the scheme alters the training dataset during training. If the scheme needs to modify the training data it should take a copy of the training data. Currently checks for changes to header structure, number of instances, order of instances, instance weights.
Compute the union size of two Bitsets.
Test 2 keys with candidates in reverse order.
Handles a closing event.
Return a textual description of this attribute.
Returns a new sector whose angles are the extremes of the this sector and another. The new sector's minimum latitude and longitude will be the minimum of the two SpatialComparables.
Returns true if the given double value is a double.
Integer value of a positive BigDecimal
Main recursive method to find child files.
Get a sorted array containing all column values for a given tuple iterator and field.
Divide with invalid rounding mode
Responds to a dataset event.
Animates a new schedule.
Tells whether or not the string is a String.
Delete a entry source.
Validates the given SQL statement.
Converts to object array.
Return true if this logger is enabled.
When you need to be able to select an item from player
Creates a new Session.
Return the max level of the given node for the given level. This will also be used to determine the max edge for the specified variable.
Ask to the user for retouring the pass code just entered before saving it as the current pass code.
Rolls back the worker thread creation. - removes worker from workers, if present - decrements worker count - rechecks for termination, in case the existence of this worker was holding up termination
InsertFunctionalityTest#testInsert4(). Tests INSERT ... SELECT with expressions in SELECT query
Puts a json entry to disk
Receive notification of the end of an element.
Send a FATAL ERROR log message
Removes the give subtree of this node
Returns a string representation of this vector.
Validate the given component is valid or not.
Build the final bitmap-interest response.
Unregister a new virtual thread.
Process a read request.
Bounds the current scroll if necessary, but does not synchronize the stack view with the model.
Compute the aggregate class
Waits until the given volumes are visible.
Handles changes in a cache.
Updates the view state.
Paints the image on the window.
Returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the named event
It checks if the name is included in the suffix
Deleases any given connection.
Adds the given action to the list of actions to be displayed.
Adds a simple renderer to the multiple renderer.
Copies stream, fires progress events by listener, can be interrupted by listener.
calculates the needed angle for a given value
Returns a buffer to the pool, throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size.
Creates a new instance.
Creates a new CharSeq with the given char sequence
Writes the given video header.
Notify that a state change has been changed.
test for getOrder() method
Formats and logs a message with a Throwable.
Constructs the redis key used to store the queue for execution.
Decodes a URL safe string into its original form using the specified encoding. Escaped characters are converted back to their original representation.
Adds specified domain name to the list of normalized domains
Create a new instance
Tests fail: always returns false, failing statements commented out. Feature only partially implemented. Feature only partially implemented.
Compute a long hash for a method.
Copy the contents of the given byte array to the given OutputStream. Leaves the stream open when done.
Does this item have any items loaded yet?
Description of the Method
Encode parts of the message using Text Compaction as described in ISO/IEC 15438:2001(E), chapter 4.4.2.
Check to see if a string is a valid NCName according to [4] from the XML Namespaces 1.0 Recommendation
Appends the specified element to the end of this list.
prepare the dataset required for running test cases
Builds the event list of proxy types that iterates over the non-proxy Service that identifies all of the refs in the array, which must be removed as well.
Check the value for a given string value.
Recovers the primary connection. This method is called by the clients thread.
Creates a new journal that omits redundant information. This replaces the current journal if it exists.
Removes the recurrence from persistant store.
Copy NodeList members into this nodelist, adding in document order. If a node is null, don't add it.
Returns true if the current fetch time will be used, so, should not be executed.
Creates a new operand set with the given name.
Services a Commandline Request.
Returns an array of bytes as a byte array.
Given an enum type, determine if it's colour are valid.
Gets the experiment for the next NP function.
Performs ExportMask of a map.
Inserts an array into this node at the specified index. Each entry in the array is sorted at the specified index. Each item in the array is shifted upward to have an index one greater than the value it had previously.
Write a more scale style.
Put the source tree root node in the document cache. TODO: This function needs to be a LOT more sophisticated.
Used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main Whitebox user interface.
copy a input stream to a output resource
Starts a audio line
Draws canvas on the canvas.
Load properties from the given class.
Add a number to zero
Replaces GTS timestamps.
Gets whether the event for the given cell has consumed.
Read a single character. This method will block until a character is available, an I/O error occurs, or the end of the stream is reached. <p/> <p> Subclasses that intend to support efficient single-character input should override this method.
This function is used to plot the y axis and its breakdown with value. Uses drawLine() method to create the y axis and lines to show breakdown of y axis and drawText() method to plot labels related with breakdowns
Returns the maximum value within the range.
Prints the log before the given file.
Collects the specified rule to be set.
Retrieves the token after the pattern.
Test creation of table types
This method will be used to check whether stream is already present in cache or not for filepath if not present then create it and then add to cache, other wise get from cache
Removes a listener from the set of listeners
Returns what the serialization specification calls "descriptor" given a field signature.
Adds a parameter with multiple parameters.
Converts the annotation definition into the PKCS8 numeric class name.
Get whether or not the given id is known.
A service wrapper for the createElectronicTextMethod method. Forces permissions to be checked.
Instantiates a new pattern.
Compute the intersection of two line segments.
Method which removes the specified object class from original set and returns the set of object classes that were removed.
Get the number of epoch seconds
Is this media key supported
draws the grid background
Opens a stream to an entry in the jar.
Unpacks the compressed character translation table.
Should be invoked from the tmp tree.
This overridden method checks to see if the buffered OMGraphicList is created, and then returns a subset of OMGraphics that are actually on the map. If the buffered OMGraphicList hasn't been created yet, it gets created here.
Returns common pool queue for a thread that has submitted at least one task.
Utility method to determine whether the given attribute is a private static field.
Divide: rounding mode is ROUND_HALF_UP, result is positive; distance = -1
Validates a user's format and stores it in the file
This method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled, either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll. If you override this method you must call through to the superclass implementation (e.g. super.onPageScrolled(position, offset, offsetPixels)) before onPageScrolled returns.
Convert a string representation of an input string.
Load the given text file.
Calculate selector angles.
Determines the width of this view
java.util.Arrays#fill(byte[], int, int, byte)
Called by the user.
Processes a raw number.
Transforms multiple paths will all matrices.
Decodes a byte array from Base64 format. No blanks or line breaks are allowed within the Base64 encoded input data.
Ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance.
Item will slide from Bottom of the screen to its natural position.
Creates a new AtomicInteger with the specified capacity.
Handle tenant request sent with a different binding
Load data from the given stream.
Construct the entry mapping.
Returns the known DB.
Puts the given param value into a new map.
Returns the minimum dimensions required to use the target container.
Apply p_point on S2.
Selects an item in the list, if possible.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Unmarshals all whitespace in the text tree.
Wait for an selected editor to a bitmap.
Computes the largest population for the specified population.
Convert coordinate to longitude.
Register the request listener.
Parses an ASCII property list from an input stream.
Calculates the current score for a newly created function.
Creates a classification object.
Checks that the origin of a string is a long link.
Checks the next quantile for a random consistency group.
Checks whether the given double array is valid.
Measure and layout all currently visible children.
Processes the event buffer from the connection.
Returns the percentage representing this value in the specified range.
Quietly closes given resource ignoring possible checked exception.
Releases a hop
Adds a new event listener to this dialog.
We only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops.
Converts string to byte array.
Loads properties from a File object.
Tests equality of the graph for equality.
Parses a name-value-pair with the given parser.
Actions a Pull Event
Converts a PCal mapping into the mapping of the given location.
Parses the given file and returns the result.
Find the differences between two texts. Assumes that the texts do not have any common prefix or suffix.
Construct a driver from a single domain.
Returns the number of unprocessed tokens remaining in the string.
Adds the document index
reset all common components before parsing
Updates a volume label.
Handles a new error dialog.
Overridden to avoid exposing implementation details.
Paint the arrow in enabled state.
Logs a thrown exception.
Convert a small BigDecimal to BigInteger
Called when the accuracy of the sensor has changed.
Whether the argument contains last arguments.
setMinCRLNumber(BigInteger maxCRL) method testing. Tests if CRLs with any crl number value match the selector in the case of null crlNumber criteria, if specified maxCRL value matches the selector, and if CRL with inappropriate crlNumber value does not match the selector.
Updates the popup menu based on the popup menu.
Remove a task from the queue if it is equal to or not.
java.math.BigDecimal#divide(java.math.BigDecimal, java.math.RoundingMode) divide(BigDecimal, RoundingMode)
Ensure that the path exists
Return the class with the given name, if found.
Determines the height of this view
This only checks clipping along the bottom edge.
Creates a new scheduling rule factory for the given workspace
Writes a byte array to a file creating the file if it does not exist.
Adds the specified item to the list.
Checks that pending messages should be sent to the application.
Determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction.
Parses the current node and returns the number of elements added.
Calculates the height of this Iramite.
Test for verifying that attributes are considered numeric
Closes the cache directory if any
static version of indexOf, to allow repeated calls without needing to re-acquire array each time.
Populate a list of profiles
Check if the checksum file has the given version.
Obtains the absolute value of this component.
Determines the extremum of this node.
Returns OID for algName
Provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments.
Refills the input buffer.
Processes mouse clicks and waits for the mouse event.
Add a module to the set of modules to load and register its services
Checks whether any of the tables in the given database have been created.
Resolves the feature structure and returns the result as a List of features object.
This graphical representation of the view
Update the line selection
Draws a rectangle located at (x, y).
Re-measure the Loading Views height, and adjust internal padding as necessary
Replaces a split element with a common element
Called to start adding an array of children to an existing group.
Calculate number of split for given record.
Invoked when the mouse is clicked.
Copies nodes of source paths to a Set.
Returns true if there is another postponed route to try.
Determine if this selection has at least one selection.
Constructs a full path for the given URI.
reads a XML Element Attribute ans cast it to a int value
Returns the remainder of 'reader' as a string, closing it when done.
This method adds a property to the aggregation property
Below method will be used to mark the servers
Executes the request, returns the required number of content as a String
Handle the left-right state of a token.
Registers implementing class of the Signature algorithm with algorithmURI
Create a key configuration object from the data file.
Returns true if the given input string contains any word.
Check whether actions are intersections between two segments.
Removes the first occurrence, starting at the beginning and moving towards the end, of the specified object from this vector. All elements with an index bigger than the element that gets removed have their index decreased by 1.
Subscribes to a single node, including all its children to the given comparator.
Adds a column structure.
Converts a Java field name to a Java type name
A function that generates random AES & HMAC keys and prints out exceptions but doesn't throw them since none should be encountered. If they are encountered, the return value is null.
Ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method.
Execute database from a database.
Creates a new journal that omits redundant information. This replaces the current journal if it exists.
Refreshes the effect when the chat button is done
Create the migration task editor.
This method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled, either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll. If you override this method you must call through to the superclass implementation (e.g. super.onPageScrolled(position, offset, offsetPixels)) before onPageScrolled returns.
Used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main Whitebox user interface.
Ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes.
Accepts an IPv4 address of the form xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx, ie 192.168.0.1 and returns the corresponding 32 bit integer.
Close the given cursor and remove it from the map
Checks if there is another pattern in the document
Generates the opcode for the given integer.
Serializes a node with content.
Adds a new item at the specified position in the list.
notify successful completion of the operation
Transform an xsl-fo StreamSource to the specified output format.
Splits the regular expression on the current line.
Returns true if there is one of the streams completed.
Delete an uninitialized observer
Set bounds for the right textView including clip padding.
Create a new compound package.
Checks the coverage attributes.
Find all the values in the given list of strings.
Returns the first index of elt in the array if < len, else -1.
Append the value to the list.
Compares the argument to this Certificate. If both have the same bytes they are assumed to be equal.
Appending the statement defined by query.
Converts the given string into a byte array.
Used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main Whitebox user interface.
Transforms a histogram from a Geo Time Serie into a map.
This function will take a song entry and update it to the latest week and increase the count for the current week by 1 if necessary
Recursively assign node weights.
Creates a new instance of SearchEngine
Add a field to query
Combines an value of a function into a single value.
Builds the create statement.
And for a negative and a positive numbers; the first is shorter
Constructs a stream from the pending request.
Return the sentence representation of this sentence.
Determine if the Expression is a or not.
Output the SQL type for a Java short.
Breaks a String to multiple strings.
Write all modified favorites to the data stream.
Update the moving average time.
Validate the payment field IDs
Instantiates a new KeyStore.
Construct an instance of the bucket results using a random header.
Invoked when the state of the listener has changed its value.
Parses a delimited list of strings.
Initialize the starting layout.
Returns whether the window is running.
Creates a default mosaic definition.
Converts a result expression to an enum.
Method to be invoked by the SSL application
Check if the component has passed an Action source
Register listener for individual listeners.
The "safe" square root of the input value, handling negative values by simply making them positive and then negating the return value.
Runs all threads in the given test set.
Append a character onto the buffer.
Initialize the owner references.
Construct a SELECT statement suitable for use in a group of SELECT statements that will be joined through UNION operators in buildUnionQuery.
Construct a new NodeEdge from the given coordinates.
Increments the number of bits in the current time.
Restores all files in the directory.
Concatenates a list of float arrays into a single array.
Constructs a tag iterator with the given rest of the text.
Change the path of the tree.
Returns true if this object can be read directly.
Writes the contents of the internal buffer to the given array starting at the given offset. Assumes the array has space to hold count bytes.
Destroys an item.
Computes the normal distribution for the given variance object.
Sorts an array of Strings, returning a new array with the sorted items. The original array is left untouched.
Adds a new zoom listener.
Clears a registered instruction.
Fire when a workflow annotation has changed, if any.
Updates the prediction stats and returns whether prediction is allowed. The policy is: 1. If the client does not wait more than mDelayMs, valid for the request. 2. If the client waits for more than mDelayMs but less than 2*mDelayMs, accept the request and double mDelayMs. 3. If the client waits for more than 2*mDelayMs, accept the request and reset mDelayMs. In that case the client waits for more than 2. In case, if there is no more than 2.
Authenticates the received client evidence message M1 and saves it only if correct. To be called after calculating the secret S.
Request an internal textual representation open a text string and close it.
Removes the specified service URI from the configuration. This is a convenience object.
Converts a attribute to a string.
Constructs an EscapedWriter around the given Writer.
Returns true if this cookie has expired.
log the view to fit
Returns true if the method supports the given method name.
mod when a divisor is positive
Clears the state of this property definition.
\brief distance( this, b )
Check if backup info exists in the backup.
Convert the specified string to upper case.
Create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes. The number fits in an integer.
Builds and returns a Opus Comment.
Asserts that the given list of properties are removed from the expected list.
Returns the number of elements in this array.
Converts the provided string to lower case.
Get an iterator over the edges of this edge.
Releases an state from this pool, removes it from pool.
Creates and returns a String formatted so it will fit in a box suitable for a Java Doc header.
Adds a number to the given input string.
Add an item to the drop list.
Finds all emotes for given type.
Load workflw and initialize the session attributes.
Returns the hash code for this X509Certificate.
Removes the from tags.
Verifies the given secp256k1 signature in native code. Return false if valid.
Recursively delete the webapp directory.
Asserts that the provided Iterator is not empty.
Generate the formatting out that far has finished.
Generates host name for the given vm.
Read the project from a file
Helper method for Overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function. This is the advanced version of the call.
Unwraps an expression.
If we have all PieChart Config then there is no point in reloading it
Draws the next ideal savings interval.
Creates the line structure for the given text. Newly created lines are inserted into the line structure starting at the given position. Returns the number of newly created lines.
Returns the positive square root of the specified value.
Counts the number of black/white transitions between two points, using something like Bresenham's algorithm.
Convert a number into a bit string.
Encodes an array of bytes into an array of URL safe 7-bit characters. Unsafe characters are escaped.
Create a new Message tokenizer
Blocking wait for the node.
Restore the translation cache.
Create an action from one char
Adds a new event to the queue.
Stops the timer with the specified name.
returns a summary string of the summary
Create a temporary file
Draws a vertical span.
Select also all items belonging to any group of the current selected items.
Create a new instance of our key produced by the given locale
Removes from the list of nodes any that cannot be parents of x given the background knowledge.
Configures the properties file and assigns its property prefix.
Open a new connection to the user.
A simple implementation of the deletion method, which is assumed to be an internal set of projects.
Perform Flood packet
Sleep for the specified time, ignoring any exceptions that occur
Verify that a write is not in a tree.
Calculate the values of a normal distribution.
Check to see if a string is a valid Nmtoken according to [7] in the XML 1.0 Recommendation
Invoked when a mouse button has been pressed on a component.
Parses a double and returns the max value of a parse.
Put a string in the buffer.
Actions a Pull Event
Add a RTCP event listener
Creates a new array of the given size if necessary and copies the data into the new array.
This method detects a code in a "pure" image -- that is, pure monochrome image which contains only an unrotated, unskewed, image of a code, with some white border around it. This is a specialized method that works exceptionally fast in this special case.
Report an error error.
Connects socket 'fd' to 'inetAddress' on 'port', with no timeout. The lack of a timeout means this method won't throw SocketTimeoutException.
Determine if the string-value of a node is whitespace
Creates a new status panel.
Opens an access file.
Deregisters a Spring from this BaseSpringSystem, so it won't be iterated anymore. The Spring should not be used anymore after doing this.
Returns the content of this file as a String.
Parses an N-Triples node, creates an object for it using the supplied ValueFactory and returns this object.
Resets the PSR list.
Sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order.
Close this Popup Menu.
Release a cache associated with the given id.
Sets the view vertex and the view view to the given size.
Convert an IPv4 address to an IPv6 address.
Track a failure - multiply the back off interval by the invocation
Reads a double (32 bit) from the source stream.
Checks if the bottom bar is at least one bar.
Case sensitive match test.
Adds mapping from tile to disk.
Computes the date value for a given double.
Enables playback and disables the PAN API.
Compute the distance between two points.
Creates a new URL of the given component parts. The URL uses the protocol's default port.
Return a Workflow.Method for createVolumesMethod.
Creates a new FileInfo instance.
Initializes this widget method
This function will install a trust manager that will blindly trust all SSL certificates. The reason this code is being added is to enable developers to do development using self signed SSL certificates on their web server. The standard HttpsURLConnection class will throw an exception on self signed certificates if this code is not run.
Sample the count
Retrieves the requested API code
Test for correct error handling for a mission with no "name" attribute.
Checks if this object equals another. <p> The entire state of the object is compared.
Releases any resources we may have (or overwrite).
Calculates the standard deviation of a portion of a derivative structure that is the upper and higher.
Clears an open file.
Resolves files inside a list of File paths to the classpath and adds them to the given path list.
javax/crypto/(String algorithm, String provider) Checks exception order
Resets the configuration values stored in the UI configuration.
Removes a new Runnable in the container. This method should be called when the UI thread is still known to be registered.
Instantiates a new certificate.
Add the set to an existing file.
Put a byte array in the buffer.
Converts an array of string as a comma-separated string.
Removes all items from the Stobox.
Parses a Pareto color attribute.
Return the state of the LIR method.
Check whether the remaining memory size has been exceeded.
Read from the stream.
If the normalizedScale is equal to 1, then the image is made to fit the screen. Otherwise, it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix. This allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation.
Limit the clip such that it fits within the specified region.
Shuts down this thread pool by removing all tasks from the pool.
Converts a collection of InetAddress to a list of IP addresses.
Remove line from given string.
Calculate counters for each six time.
Append HTML markup to the next character.
Assigns the columns to the named variables.
Retrieves row positions based on the table.
Creates a new JarModifier with the given archive to be modified
Add a new attribute to the index. If the attribute already exists, it is ignored.
Associate the given value with the specified key.
Sorts the array in ascending numerical order.
Is this message a SIP transaction?
Adds a special "marked occurrence" highlight.
Helper method for Overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function. This is the advanced version of the call.
Read some bytes from the stream.
Validate the given assumption.
Add an item to the shopping cart
Add an item set.
Skips the next encoded buffer at the current position in the given buffer.
Creates a Workflow.Method for removeVolumes
Shows urls specified in the dialog.
Helper function to convert an mouse event into a colour column
Compute a qualified name in the original regular expression.
Generate a call identifier. This is useful when we want to generate a call identifier in next.
Parse a hour value. Depending on patternChar parameter, the hour can be 0-11, or 1-12. The returned value will always be 0 based.
Dos everything from the history output.
Looks for a substitution from the original types and types.
Computes canvas with aspect ratio.
Returns a copy of the remote transport.
Returns the seconds until securityout.
Shows a REST service
And for two negative numbers; the first is shorter
Compute the spanning of the specified range.
Read the object from Base64 string.
Method to copy the specified document(s) in the specified document, and removes the first attribute from the specified document.
Construct a singular value decomposition
This method is called by one of the GC loop
Create a new (empty) UnicastRef.
static version of lastIndexOf.
Writes all bytes of a buffer to the file.
Calculate the smallest value of a type power.
max(BigInteger val). the first is less.
Function used to stop code that calls acceptClusterer. This is needed as clusterer evaluation is performed inside a separate thread of execution.
Called to set the OffsetGrabPoint to the current mouse location, and update the OffsetGrabPoint with all the other OffsetGrabPoints.
Writes floats from the given float array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position and increases the position by the number of floats written.
The general contract of SAX properties for the given node. Subclasses may override.
Checks to see if a digest matches with a given address.
Invokes the lock of the specified service by the service name. If there is no parameter for the last condition, the lock is discarded.
Check if the known cookie has been set and should be reset.
Selects the FileDialog's import selection if possible.
Creates the new operator.
Returns an enumeration describing the available options.
Encodes the application data into SSL/TLS record. If handshake status of the engine differs from NOT_CHECKMULTISIG.
Returns a byte[] containing the remainder of 'in', closing it when done.
Extract any SQL statement from the named parameters.
Writes a long at the specified offset from this native object's base address.
Remove an activity for the Map, which was removed.
Generate a salt for use with the BCrypt.hashpw() method
If possible, validate the given key's hashCode against any that was returned by the peer.
converts a number into a formatted string
Run an init script.
Parse an integer located between 2 given offsets in a string
Prints an object to this output stream and then terminates the line.
Check that the argument is a real number.
Initialize the keyboard button if it is not 1.
Whether no window is configured for current window or not.
Find absolute path of a file.
Load process from client
Internal method to perform the normalization.
Reset the class loaders.
andNot for two negative numbers; the first is longer
Generates a string containing the character to be used in a given number of characters.
Instantiates an updating rate manager.
Removes the given attribute value from the attribute list. If there is no such attribute, no action is taken.
Release the key associated with the given file.
Determines if there is an error signature for a given exception.
Construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception.
Adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid. This ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer.
Insert a context element into the head of the tag list.
Increments the time accumulator.
turn data into byte array
Shows user home following users page.
Obtains the elevation at a given latitude and longitude.
Creates a new instance of ObservedObject.
Delete the children of the element
Saves the children of the given component.
Indicates if this item, at least one item changed. Returns false, if item is not.
Ensures that the location passed as an object already exists.
Read an ArrayList from an InputStream containing XML. The stream can previously have been written by writeListXml().
Pad the padding string to the right with spaces
Returns an enumeration of the additional measure names
This method should not raise any exceptions.
Adds internal preferences to the dialog.
Clears all unused resources if there are no more unused.
Create Order from Properties
Constructs a ShortInterleavedRaster with the given SampleModel and DataBuffer. The Raster's upper left corner is origin and it is the same sizes the SampleModel. The DataBuffer is not initialized and must be a DataBufferByte compatible with SampleModel. SampleModel must be of type SinglePixelPackedSampleModel.
This method will copy the given file to carbon store location
Checks if the UI has fling the vertical effect
cast a string to a double
Adds a listener object that is notified about changes in the panel.
Stress test for discovery.
Is place for event?
calculates the approximate size of a text, depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls (e.g. inside drawing methods)
Gets the default values.
Returns a String representation of the list, front to back.
Write an image, Lat/Lon placement with an ImageIcon.
Test new projection implementation correctly.
Monitor changes to the scale slider.
Write string content to a file.
Determine whether the given URL points to a resource in the file system, that is, has protocol "file", "vfsfile" or "vfs".
Updates progress for the given state.
Converts OID into array of ints.
Gets a list of server members for a given site.
Create a dialog editor for the given container.
Checks if the layer has the requested features.
Decode the contents of the inputstream into a buffer.
Allows up to the virtual machine that it would be called from the final thread.
display the string defined in the string xml file?
Checks if the HTTP request appears in the HTTP client.
Add a foreign key constraint.
Called with the activity is first created.
Pushes a notification to container.
Appends a json encoded key/value pair to the given string builder.
loads the named resource map
Deselects the specified item at the given index.
Indicates whether the current node is a type node.
Adds listener to receive events.
Finalizes the equals method
Parses a vector entry.
Test with some output.
Calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream.
Creates a session wrapper with a given time zone.
Does the post operation.
Return the directory specified by this program
Clear the sensors for this game.
Construct an instance of STS.
Read the entire stacked level from the Json stack, adding any nested stack to it.
Converts a hexadecimal character to an integer.
Appends the pod string containing a JSON string
Loads a KeyStore from a file including the specified password.
Remove a property change listener
Indicates if preferences is enabled
Assign up unit test.
Compares this principal to the PrincipalEntry.
Checks that the user's profile is valid.
Reads a record from the client's receiver.
Checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified. <p> This method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot. There must be no directory separator after the dot. The extension check is case-sensitive on all platforms.
Creates a new Sort clause from a stream
See ISO 16022:2006, 5.2.7
Construct the KdbConnection from the given input stream and deserialize it.
Decodes a Add operation.
Sorts the elements in place
Recalculates the worker panel (the last assigned image object). This is called whenever the worker is changed.
process an array of bytes, producing output if necessary.
Gets the content of a file.
check if the last page is still open
The following two methods exist because in, out, and IOException is thrown.
Returns a list of the types in this list.
Deletes the additional ruleList as an existing batch list.
Returns true if the current element is a virtual operation
Create a new client using the shared SNMP server.
Creates a future that is synchronously completed exceptionally.
Created the error matrix based on log
override to check equality with a mask
Emit a genome at the given level.
Creates a new URI instance of the given unencoded component parts.
Retrieves all k-best ranks at the given state.
Reads a single character from the source string and returns it as an integer with the two higher-order bytes set to 0. Returns -1 if the end of the source string has been reached.
Indicates if the given BlockSnapshot object represents a full copy.
Lists all of the services in the service descriptors.
Strip the LDAP code part from a string.
Divide: rounding mode is ROUND_HALF_EVEN, result is negative; equidistant
Gamma distribution PDF (with 0.0 for x &lt; 0)
Validates the certificate using signed Certificate.
Create a new ACL report (i.e. jar) if it does not exist yet. Creates a new topic if it is present.
return the number of objects in this sequence.
Tests that the a security role can be added.
Subtract two numbers of different length and different signs. The first is negative. The first is longer.
Creates a new MultiTermQuery object.
Prints the message passed as a non-String object.
Schedules group for groups of a particular entity.
Tests correct formatting to the output stream.
replaces a delimited string by one
Checks whether the given member field is a member of a member parameter.
Creates a DateFormat object.
Writes the KMLML published version information.
Return the destination file name of the destination directory.
Get users and groups from the server to fill in the "domain" list
Creates the instance of this class.
Get the default headers.
Clears the local tag.
Puts a new request in queue as a new thread in pool to be executed
Registers a new client and connects it to the network. If the input data is open, this method is called.
Parses the data from the supplied input stream, using the supplied MIME type.
Parses a date value using the given date formats.
Removes the specified object from this JSONObject.
Finds iterator over a split edge from an array of blocks.
Reads one line of text from the log
Used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main Whitebox user interface.
Generate a barcode test.
Renames the panel.
Determines if the line should be single.
Override to set up your specific external resource.
Converts the given world coordinates to z coordinates.
Copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified target sequence with another sequence. The string is processed from the beginning to the end.
Encodes the given string using the http encoding.
Draws an image, applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing. The transformation from user space into device space is done with the current transform in the Graphics2D. The given transformation is applied to the image before the transform attribute in the Graphics2D state is applied. The rendering attributes applied include the clip, transform, and composite attributes. Note that the result is undefined, if the given transform is noninvertible.
Returns a fixed size in milliseconds for the given amount of units.
Advances the position until after the next newline character. If the line is terminated by "\r\n", the '\n' must be consumed as whitespace by the caller.
Creates a new IndTestCramerT instance for a subset of the variables.
Obtain one file on the list of files.
Formats time in milliseconds to hh:mm:ss string format.
Add a PropertyChangeListener for a specific property.
Creates a new folder with a default folder name.
Adds a new attribute to the config
Adds an action that may have the currently connected action.
Fill the entry set from the tree map.
Check whether one is in the collection in other
For keyboard mode, processes key events.
Asserts that the actual duration is within 10% of the given expected time.
Logs the completion of the operation.
Creates a new field handler and list.
Creates a new AbstractResource.
Loads the parameters from the character argument.
Initializes the object based on the supplied secret.
Converts a given input constant to L.
Creates & initializes & paints
Generate a random byte array of provided size.
Returns a string representation of the list.
Copy byte array to buffer.
Returns true if expired time is expired.
Put a key/boolean pair in the JSONObject.
Util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
Handle the selection status
Check if the player should get an invoke this method.
Writes the contents of this CacheHeader to the specified OutputStream.
Get response as byte array
Starts fading out all layers.
Create an index to represent a sorted area.
Add a filter change listener.
Returns an iterator over the profiles.
Checks if the string starts with a whitespace.
Appends scheme to incoming path
Get the index of a key.
Invoked when a mouse is moved from the graph.
Initializes the caching HTTP Headers Filter.
Adds common component to the parser configuration. This method will also add all of the component's recognized features and properties to the list of default recognized features and properties.
Spins/blocks until node s is matched by a fulfill operation.
Loads the simple sub-tree of the tree.
Reads a single byte from the source string and returns it as an integer in the range from 0 to 255. Returns -1 if the end of the source string has been reached.
Returns true if this security is alive.
Write string to file.
Make a binary tree for the given key
Computes the angle between a pair of points.
Creates a new snapshot cursor.
Checks if is enabled.
Paints the foreground of the view.
Creates a transaction object for the passed in transaction.
Start this runner with the given runner thread.
Exports an object. This method produces the bytecode of the proxy class used to access the exported object. A remote applet can load the proxy class and call a method on the exported object.
Creates a temporary session relative to the database.
Read a character stream using the default character encoding.
Process a SELECT statement and add its children to the query.
Initializes the status of messages
Instantiates a configuration queue.
Writes the string representation of objects.
Returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection according to the supplied EventSetDescriptor
Creates a new Request configured to post an Open Graph action.
Hide content and show the progress bar
Read a bloom filter.
Compute the minimum and maximum.
Used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main Whitebox user interface.
Constructs a new SDPException.
Links node as first element, or returns false if full.
Notifies a bound property change of the appropriate PropertyChangeListener
Check whether an template should be read. <p> If the template should be open, it should be written.
Create a new JValueSlider.
Modifies all attributes based on the passed symbol & colours as defined in the tree.
TODO Add method documentation
Create a new remote service descriptor.
Read the old journal from the input file. In the event of any error, just pretend we didn't have a journal, in that case, do a full backup.
Starts a new service.
Override this to check if the session is running.
This method encodes the numeric matrix with the provided width and height. On success, then this method cannot be called.
Writes ints from the given int array, starting from the specified offset, to the current position and increases the position by the number of ints written.
Adds a header to the request.
Updates the default style.
Generate to source of the class.
Submit a task to the executor pool.
Check name of given name, if necessary, or throw an exception if not.
Validates the user provider.
Format a given object.
Calculates the derived statistics (no data) for all other statistics.
Used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main Whitebox user interface.
Check if a consistency group has a delete group.
Closes 'closeable', ignoring any checked exceptions. Does nothing if 'closeable' is null.
Receive notification of a message
Removes the objects in the specified range from the start to the end, but not including the end index.
Refills the input buffer.
check for duplicate entities and attribute names.
Stops all the provisioning servers.
This method was generated by MyBatis Generator. This method corresponds to the database table customer
Release all items associated with the given list of items
Creates a line mapping for the given file
Delete a load name that the train will either service or exclude. See setLoadOption
Asserts the property name of the given vm state
Converts an integer tag value to a string.
Removes arguments from the parameter at the given index. If the parameter value is not selected, it is removed.
Replaces a new policy tree in the policy tree.
Create a AtomicDoubleArray consisting of the given length.
Clone the action file as the move path.
Recompute the separation of cluster means.
Method to pad an input image such that it becomes a square. This method does not return a square relative to the right.
Handles updating a lost pool entry with the given route. A lost pool entry corresponds to a connection that was released.
Writes the start of an element tag.
Adds a process chat listener.
Processes from the given map. If a key is found, all its children are ignored.
Replaces the first instance of the search string with the replace string.
Puts a byte to the buffer at the given index.
Create a new instance.
Generate a salt for use with the BCrypt.hashpw() method
draws the description text in the bottom right corner of the chart
Parses the bytes from a string.
Finds the forward link for the specified link.
Updates the actions space depending on the data change.
Take a Publisher and prepare to complete the Publisher.
Cleans a directory without deleting it.
Adds a Lumb to the list of gpherical data.
Inserts the given segment into the index.
DeleteFunctionalityTest#testDelete6(). TODO Foreign key functionality is not supported
If the payload is given, logging the channel if possible, or in the channel.
Adjusts the shape of another point on the stack.
Inserts an entry into a row entry.
Adds a uri to the pipeline.
Copies from the source string to the end with the specified range.
Computes the distance between a two line segments.
Returns a copy of the current instance to achieve immutability
Runs the test case.
Patch the patch list information.
Below method will be used to read the bytes
Creates the GUI of the component.
Return true if the package is accelerated.
Creates a new ellipse.
Checks if the list of Java command represents a string of JVM.
Validate whether this file is valid.
Add a listener that will be notified when the response changes.
Calculate the log likelihood of the current state.
Returns true if there are dead states that reach an accept state.
Subtracts two Money objects
Determine whether this object equals the given object.
Skips characters. This method will block until some character is available, an I/O error occurs, or the end of the stream is reached.
Set the passed in URI to list of incoming volumes
Converts a given base64 string to a ByteBuffer.
Prepares this interval from the current time. This method is called, including the current time.
Reads in a sequence of character sequence, where each character of string is escaped.
Constructs a new SignatureJSON Key.
Creates a sub-tree path with a given range.
Adds wheel changing listener
Scan the next directive.
To convert [0,0].
Converts a signed 16 bit sample to a ByteBuffer.
Checks if a token is valid.
Util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
Expands all nodes in the root.
Converts the provided predicate into a description of the subtree that uses the given predicate.
timed invokeAny(c) throws NullPointerException if c has null elements
Compute probability of 2 input value
Create a new instance.
Generates an x-values array filled with numbers in range specified by the parameters. Can be used for convenience.
compareTo(BigInteger a). Compare two numbers of different signs. The first is negative.
Put the service under the given attribute value for the given defining class and field, if it isn't already there. Return the HashMap for the given class and field.
Creates a new decoder that decodes the specified URI. The decoder will assume that the query string is encoded in UTF-8.
Convert RGB color to CMYK color.
Removes a listener from the set of listeners
Shows an error message.
Parses a name-value-pair with the given parser.
Removes all characters which do NOT appear in string bag from string s.
Returns the trigonometric cosine of the specified angle in radians.
Formats the given number to the given number of decimals, and returns the number as a string, maximum 35 characters.
Called prior to loading the handler.
Method for BeanContextChild interface. Uses the BeanContextChildSupport to remove a listener to this object's property. The listener has the power to veto property changes.
Helper function to ascertain the existence of a file and return true/false appropriately
Converts a Windows data address from the command path.
Flatten a Map into an XmlSerializer. The map can later be read back with readThisMapXml(). This method presumes that the start tag and name attribute have already been written and does not write an end tag.
Forwards a acceleration underlying event. Depending on the superclass of acceleration of this thread, the lock is updated, and may attempt to change its back to our state.
Does one of the other entry have a certain operator?
Check whether the given Resource represents a module
Write an annotation.
Creates an IPv4 address from a long.
Does a revision contain a given revision?
Retrieves a silent request.
Draws a border for the given parameters.
Returns a comma-separated list of strings.
Collect a list of operators.
Read on char. like DataInputStream.readChar except little endian.
Determines how two dates compare up to no more than the specified most significant field.
make a split string from the range [0,0] for each word.
Does a given URL point to Google Book Search, regardless of domain.
Given the class name, return the path as a fully qualified class name.
Removes a title prefix.
Sends a message on which messages have been updated.
Returns true if the service has at least one attribute of the given attributes
Test for equality, coping with nulls.
Search for train by road number
Convert class name to dotted format. If the class name is already in dotted format, it is returned unmodified.
P_max(s) - the best of the specified x and y frequency.
Finds an existing location or creates a new location if needed requires candidate
Closes all resources and releases any system changes.
Remove OMA download info from SharedPrefs.
Checks if Android directory is Android local or not.
Returns a boolean indicating whether a Bundle contains properties that could be a valid saved token.
We call this to guarantee that we fetch a fresh policy from the server. This is to be used if the URL is invalid.
Returns true if, at this time, the object will accept a connection via the named event
Return a Vector2 containing the largest argument.
Invokes the specified parameterless method if it exists.
Retrieves a dump of the given stream using the actual chunk type from the stream.
Adds a button to the overlay.
Maps the current responses to the UI operation.
Commits the state of this element with the global attributes
Splits the given string into all of the provided string.
Insert instance of the given instruction
Return a new instance of this object returning an object.
Constructs a new parser for the given format string.
Convert an iterator to a string by concatenated by a specified separator.
Determines if the queue is less than zero
Schedules playlist to be written to the cache
See if any of the variables need to be read and if they have been read.
action to be performed
Returns a textual description of the stack.
Returns an integer value of the argument.
This method was generated by MyBatis Generator. This method corresponds to the database table customer
Send a VERBOSE log message.
Saves the indexes of all indexes to the current table.
Compute and return the score for a match with e errors and x location.
if deltaY > 0, move the content down
Copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one. These mappings replace any mappings that this map had for any of the keys currently in the specified map.
Inserts an undoable string with the specified string.
Obtains the string representation of this object.
packet
Copy input stream to output stream, then close the reader. Does not close the stream.
Checks baudUp check for communication with the given initial size. Useful for usage.
Inverse project x,y coordinates into a Point2D object.
Asserts that the given code closure fails when it is evaluated and that a particular exception is thrown.
Writes a raw packet to the desired interface. A L2 header will be added which includes the specified destination address, our source MAC, and the specified protocol type. The caller is responsible for computing correct IP-type
Process an attribute string of type T_YESNO into a Boolean value.
Loads RMA data against an RMA table id.
This method will search list of WO's for the given criteria and grantor
Constructs a time period from the specified date and time zone.
Creates a new resource queue based on current resources.
Encodes an X-Sign operation.
Schedules a task for execution at the specified period.
Abbreviate a String by simply making it.
For the Conditional is to stop
Check that the row is the first row.
Helper method called to empty all shared symbols, but to leave arrays allocated
Determine the enemy potential for blitzing a territory - all enemies are combined
Creates a new Name from a list of lower-underscore strings.
Parses a date builder.
Return a string representation of the stack.
Tell if the string is whitespace.
Removes the given filter.
Remove the class names from the entity
Add a property change listener
Returns the number of checkpoints that were loaded.
Adds a new item to the list.
add the urls for listening
Adds the given VirtualArray URIs to the set of VirtualArrays assigned to the resource by the user.
Determines whether the cell is editable or not.
Unpacks the compressed character translation table.
Cancels the remote drag.
Concatenates a list of data values to a single array.
Constructs an iterator over the intersection graph.
Validate custom title string.
Create a new invocation task.
Determines whether the given TODP return type is SSS.
Adds a child component at the specified index of the given component and returns its index.
Restores all rows in the model.
Gets the curent contents of this byte stream as a byte array. The result is independent of this stream.
Clean the mute entry.
Skips the given number of events. This method will block until some event is available, an I/O error occurs, or the end of the queue is reached.
Update the UI from the command text.
compareTo(BigInteger a). Compare ZERO to ZERO.
Generates an arc with a normal number.
Determine the current amount of overscroll. If the value is 0, there is no overscroll. If the value is < 0, tabs are overscrolling towards the top or or left. If the value is > 0, tabs are overscrolling towards the bottom or right.
Constructs a new vector with the specified capacities.
Process the invite request.
Retrieves logger reference.
Read receive delay time from window Returns 'true' if successful, 'false' if an error was detected. If an error is detected, a suitable error message is placed in the Notes area
Writes the next times on the given command line.
Returns the hash code of this list. The hash code is calculated by taking each element's hashcode into account.
Parse the string value returning the int.
Performs a physical event depending on the value of mouse events. If the mouse is true, then this gets called from the event dispatch thread.
checks whether the Node is invalid
Generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack.
Callback on touch event.
Remove a batch clusterer listener
This should only be created by the lock service. This call will not actually refresh the token.
Removes an object that is known to be in the relation. This is used for offline caching.
Factory that wraps given array of bytes.
Parses a string representing a valid JSON string and returns the result.
valueOf (long val): convert a negative long value to a BigInteger. The long value fits in integer.
Inserts the specified element before the specified position into the receiver. Shifts the element currently at that position (if any) and any subsequent elements to the right.
Makes sure that each entry is used for each next entry in the current sequence.
Construct a sided plane from a pair of vectors describing points, and including origin, plus a point p which describes the side.
Checks the InputStream if it contains GZIP compressed data
Insert room for operation. This will NOT set the length value of the operation, but will update the length value for the total expression.
Removes all listeners from the cache.
Registers an object with its decayable type.
Asserts that two String matches expected values
Removes the classname from the cache.
Notifies failure to execute a tuple with an asynchronous completion value
Renders the component's chart, drawing it
Used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main Whitebox user interface.
Handles the case where a class loader is dropped.
Delete given attachment point. This should be called outside of list of attachment points.
Determines if the type of the given enum is assignable from the given type. For example, type, name is a wrapper that is not assignable to another type.
total number of files that are needed to be deleted
Constructs and AnimGameItem instace based on a MD5 Model an MD5 Animation
Construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception.
Delete an experiment from disk.
Format a given object.
CAS waitStatus field of a node.
Create the thread generate for a thread to load.
Checks if the audio buffer is starting from the audio track.
Determines if the Filter matches the given input.
Removes and returns first element, or null if empty.
Run an HTTP connection to the server using the given settings.
Initialize the document builder factory so that it can be reused and does not need to be reinitialized for each parse action.
Returns the standard error of the estimate for the intercept.
Create missing Value IDs
Normalizes a path by backslashes like "/"
Start open and stop properties
Encode only the user's authentication information.
Expand the directory to its display name.
Tries to enqueue the given buffer to the pool. If the pool is already idle, this method will throw an exception.
Updates the text value.
Check whether there is no data to read from the stream.
Appends a parameter definition to the given string array of arguments.
Do a complete set of heartbeat updates. This call should be called at any time.
Generate and encapsulate a random session key.
Loads the private key
Removes a listener from the set of snapshots events.
Will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently dont handle any extensions!
zGetAmount of week in ISO 8601 list. If either day is not present, then the year is provided.
Check if given array is not null.
Returns a copy of the given node or subtree with this document as its owner.
libsecp256k1 Cleanup - This destroys the secp256k1 context object This should be called at the end of the program for proper cleanup of the context.
Loads an authorized records (i.e. deleting it).
Make a list of URLs with the given shard.
Get reader to response body using given character set. <p> This will fall back to using the UTF-8 character set if the given charset is null
Convert a ZCCRGB image to an array of bytes.
Adds a new vertex to the list.
Set local config information.
Returns the index within this character sequence of the first occurrence of the specified characters sequence searching backward, starting from the specified index
Calculate the requirements of the data structures. This method is called when the requirements of the table has changed.
Appends the string to the end of this string.
Push first time.
Changes current depth into a string.
Constructs the column definition.
Generate a bulk load for the given plot.
Forward project a lat/lon Poly. This is a complex method. Please read the in-code documentation for an explanation of the algorithm.
Remove categories that contain a year in them (typically sensitive).
Create new DataEvent provider.
Validate the set of errors for a simple bean.
Marks the first side of a command.
Modifies regular expression based on incoming regular expression
Fill Cods
Creates a copy of the field.
Create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero length. The sign is 1.
Cast object to type t.
Schedules a file to be deleted when JVM exits. If file is directory delete it and all sub-directories.